# secret dj, february 2021

[#inline](./inline-playlist.md)

## braxtonhall

1. The playlist should be a sketch of the most stressful course you took at UBC
2. The playlist title should be the "courses_title" for this course from the courses dataset, or a standout line from the syllabus

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6JHBcVjY5MlgPZGE0rxvtg

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _intr sftwr eng_
- author: William Zhang
- description: Specification, design, validation, evolution and construction of modern software systems, within the context of socially and professionally relevant domains such as ethics, intellectual property, and information security.

### track list

1. "Monsters, Inc." by Randy Newman
2. "Introduction and Tarantella, Op. 43" by Pablo de Sarasate; Joshua Bell; Nigel Hess
3. "Happy - From "Despicable Me 2"" by Pharrell Williams
4. "Flight of the Bumblebee" by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov; Isaac Stern; Milton Katims; Columbia Symphony Orchestra
5. "Sad Romance (A.K.A. Sad Violin)" by Ji Pyeong Kwon
6. "Don't Give Up" by Terry Evans
7. "Keep On Trying" by Andrew Applepie
8. "Peer Gynt, Op. 23: IV. In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg; Andrew Davis; Philharmonia Orchestra
9. "The End" by C418
10. "Celebration" by Kool & The Gang

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6JHBcVjY5MlgPZGE0rxvtg)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/braxtonhall.jpeg)

</details>

## DavidBromley

1. The playlist should be cohesive, i.e. it should attempt to maintain sonic or thematic similarity. Any major transition should be done gradually unless for some specific effect. Be a DJ
2. Celebrate your hidden treasures and noteable finds

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/03XpNusXHEXHs0Nf3XszJA

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _Little Treasures_
- author: b_e_d
- description: For secret DJ (sorry it&#x27;s late!)

### track list

1. "Survivor" by 2WEI; Edda Hayes
2. "Burn the Witch" by Shawn James
3. "Hell's Comin' with Me" by Poor Man's Poison
4. "Hard Came the Rain" by Rag'n'Bone Man
5. "Raise My Flag" by ill Factor; Graham Cochrane
6. "The Hand That Feeds" by The Crane Wives
7. "Walls Could Talk" by Halsey
8. "Flesh & Bone" by Sammy Rae & The Friends
9. "Me and Mine" by The Brothers Bright
10. "Oh My Dear Lord" by The Unlikely Candidates
11. "12 Rounds" by Bohnes
12. "Blood // Water" by grandson

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/03XpNusXHEXHs0Nf3XszJA)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/davidbromley.jpeg)

</details>

## moguri

1. theme must be a) the feeling u get when you think of your favorite thing or b) tonally jarring from one song to the next. feel free to take any liberties w/ this rule!
2. playlist title should be the name of an indie band that doesn't exist

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5KosoW91jvviXuN4I0ig7M

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _National Consumer Agency_
- author: braxtonhall
- description: NCA (formerly &quot;National Consumer Agency&quot;) released their sophomore album, &quot;Define Your Good&quot; in 2009. They are often compared with contemporaries such as Explosions in the Sky, MGMT, The Main Drag, and Tokyo Police Club. for a secretdj 21.feb prompt

### track list

1. "In the City" by Anika
2. "Sudden Death" by Quelle Chris; Chris Keys
3. "Suddenly Evaporate" by Cities Aviv
4. "Rave on U" by Against All Logic
5. "Warm Rain in June II" by Chihei Hatakeyama
6. "They Come in Gold" by Shabazz Palaces
7. "Before I Move Off" by Mount Kimbie
8. "Black Country" by Tonstartssbandht
9. "你快樂所以我快樂" by Faye Wong
10. "Rain Dance" by Jeff Lorber Fusion

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5KosoW91jvviXuN4I0ig7M)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/moguri.jpeg)

</details>

## sy

1. option a: tell a complete story with the playlist. could be something as mundane as going to the gas station or something wild. have some plot twists! character development! it's up to you
2. option b: create a playlist that will make you disintegrate into the void à la the disintegration loops. make the title the name of a nonexistent movie

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/2t2Dps2EeIA3wjkUT8qTZP

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _In The Bell Jar (1963)_
- author: leanna
- description: minecraft - volume alpha is a 10&#x2F;10 ambient album. for shirley secret dj mar 8 2021

### track list

1. "Requiem for Dying Mothers, Pt. 1" by Stars Of The Lid
2. "Valerian (her voice honeyed)" by Lovesliescrushing
3. "Kobresia" by Biosphere
4. "Trade Winds, White Heat" by Tim Hecker
5. "Key" by C418
6. "Love's Refrain" by Jefre Cantu-Ledesma
7. "Wild Moon And Sea" by Jefre Cantu-Ledesma
8. "Steep Hills of Vicodin Tears" by A Winged Victory for the Sullen
9. "Path To Lucy" by Deaf Center
10. "Calamus" by Chuck Johnson
11. "October Language" by Belong

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2t2Dps2EeIA3wjkUT8qTZP)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/sy.jpeg)

</details>

## Bronwyn

1. The first letter of each song should spell out a secret message
2. I should want to fight a bear at the end of listening to the playlist

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5asZnYqfgucDHoiC7StANi

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _Bear-Fightin' Music_
- author: limpwhiteduke
- description: Please be kind to animals.

### track list

1. "Blood Visions" by Jay Reatard
2. "Up the Bracket" by The Libertines
3. "Surface Envy" by Sleater-Kinney
4. "Hustle Bones" by Death Grips
5. "Dress" by PJ Harvey
6. "I'm Scum" by IDLES
7. "Don't Get Captured" by Run The Jewels
8. "953" by black midi
9. "100% Dundee" by The Roots
10. "100%" by Sonic Youth

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5asZnYqfgucDHoiC7StANi)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/bronwyn.jpeg)

</details>

## Lian Shao

1. Playlist should be full of stuff you listen to while you're seriously unmotivated sad and about to cry
2. no like seriously I'm really down bad rn

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/5Et9bGfbpERgkAK3SHjtoK

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _Melancholy 2021 (decolorized)_
- author: Shirley Yang
- description: for secret dj

### track list

1. "It's Okay To Cry" by SOPHIE
2. "Living Room" by Grouper
3. "Sleeping Heart" by Giles Corey
4. "Distant Memories (Studio Session: mars Studio 1980/09/04-06)" by Les Rallizes Dénudés
5. "Ceremony - Live at Birmingham University; 2007 Remaster" by Joy Division
6. "Dull Knife Pt. II" by Planning For Burial
7. "My Blood" by Current Joys
8. "It`s Rain" by Adult Child
9. "The Big Gloom" by Have A Nice Life

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5Et9bGfbpERgkAK3SHjtoK)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/lian-shao.jpeg)

</details>

## WZ

1. Each track must be in a different language
2. Each track must be in a different genre

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/0tVI53zsjbUF7AWpr8XNEM

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _Lingua Danka_
- author: inferior penguin
- description: Ukranian, French, Bulgarian, Japanese-English, Georgian, Latin, Hindi-Hebrew-Urdu, Icelandic, Gamilaraay, German, Lingala, Hopelandic, Ōlelo Hawaiʻi

### track list

1. "Batyar (Bigmouth Strikes Again)" by The Ukrainians
2. "Les loups" by Camille
3. "Kaval Sviri - A Kaval Is Playing" by Ensemble Trakia
4. "Bear Up Bison" by Shonen Knife
5. "Kartveli" by Niaz Diasamidze; 33A
6. "Northern Lights" by Ola Gjeilo; Voces8
7. "Allah Elohim" by Shye Ben Tzur; Jonny Greenwood; The Rajasthan Express
8. "Móri" by Skálmöld
9. "Yulunga (Spirit Dance)" by Dead Can Dance
10. "Opa" by Kölsch
11. "Malukayi (feat. Konono N°1)" by Mbongwana Star; Konono N°1
12. "Gong" by Sigur Rós
13. "Kauoha Mai - Keyhole Hula - 1935" by Lena Machado; First Recording of Lena's Signature Song

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0tVI53zsjbUF7AWpr8XNEM)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/wz.jpeg)

</details>

## Bryan Edgecombe

1. No guitars and no keyboards (includes pianos, synths, organs, harpsichords, etc.)
2. Every song must have prominent vocals.

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/3MPpG9rCFYZJPjmFWjn6IL

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _technically correct is the best type of correct_
- author: lian
- description: from haitian funeral marching band field recordings (the crying&#x2F;screaming = prominant vocals) to tracks from UBC&#x27;s accapella club, this playlist is technically what you asked for. -- For the CPSC 310 playlist swap

### track list

1. "House of the Rising Sun" by Eh? Cappella
2. "Drunken Lazy Bastard" by The Mahones
3. "keergentchig" by Yat-Kha
4. "Nodoomi" by Tarbagan
5. "Borbangnadyr" by Alash Ensemble
6. "Beezhinden" by Shu-de
7. "Maestro Turenne’s Brass Band “LOT BO RIVYE A”" by Félix Blume
8. "Last Prayer" by Félix Blume

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3MPpG9rCFYZJPjmFWjn6IL)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/bryan-edgecombe.jpeg)

</details>

## Elisa

1. The playlist should chart your emotional state through the pandemic
2. Playlist description should be an existential haiku

https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6BybAiduX55fhuXSWUVIlI

<details>
<summary>more</summary>

- title: _Stone Walls do not a Prison make_
- author: davidwesleybromley
- description: Waiting for a Playlist &#x2F; Nothing to be Done for it &#x2F; Black Soot sits on Brow

### track list

1. "Theme from the Planets" by Dexter Wansel
2. "Sign Of The Times" by Bob James
3. "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)" by Marvin Gaye
4. "Go Away Dream" by The Chi-Lites
5. "Drinking Again" by Dinah Washington
6. "Where Will I Go" by Brief Encounter
7. "Heaven & Hell (feat. Ghostface Killah)" by Raekwon; Ghostface Killah
8. "Time: The Donut of the Heart" by J Dilla
9. "Fentanyl" by Black Thought; Salaam Remi
10. "Is That All There Is?" by Peggy Lee
11. "Disorder - 2007 Remaster" by Joy Division
12. "Runway H" by Death Grips
13. "Evidently Chickentown" by John Cooper Clarke
14. "Swingin Party - 2008 Remaster" by The Replacements
15. "Christmas Card From A Hooker In Minneapolis" by Tom Waits
16. "In A Sentimental Mood" by Duke Ellington; John Coltrane
17. "Tired of Being Alone" by Al Green
18. "People Get Ready - Single Version" by The Impressions
19. "Searching for a New Day" by Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings
20. "At Last" by Etta James

### links

- [spotify](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6BybAiduX55fhuXSWUVIlI)
- [playlist cover](./2021-2/elisa.jpeg)

</details>
