# ageing 3

20: i can't imagine ever being some variation of "conservative". understand it or not,
i think i'll always be sympathetic to the issues brought up by young people
40 (probably): trans-_what_? trans-_racial_??? no way i am not sorry, that's where i draw the line.
i am dying on this hill


# (community) garden: 1048 smash

some time ago, on nye at aaron's house circa 2012/13, we wanted to play super smash bros.
the version that we had was _brawl_. now none of us were particularly good at the game,
and when you're not good at a fighting game,
you tend to blame your losses on the game itself.

"brawl is unbalanced" was the common sentiment. unfair.
i had seen somewhere online that there was this mod that "balanced" brawl.
for some reason we were unable to find this mod
(which, dear reader, is literally named "balanced brawl") and instead stumbled into a mod
called "project m". it didn't have all the characters (maybe half of them) but all of them
were "broken".

"if everyone is broken, no one is" was what aaron said. all i remember from that night
was getting annoyed at sonic's homing attack from halfway across the screen.

that was my introduction to smash. soon after the doc came out. kent and i grinded out
a (terrible) fox and (abysmal) marth respectively and we switched to melee.

in 2014, kent and i also moved in together. it was a big house, with 6 of us total.
the perfect venue to have people over for more smash.

every two weeks we held a smash fest. strangers would come to my home, to play smash
on one of 14 crt televisions, and get salty in 64, melee, pm, brawl, and smash 4.

there were always jellybeans, sometimes pasta, a ladder, and at the end, a tournament.

this continued from [TODO] to [TODO].

<details>
<summary>final ladder placements</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>tournament results</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>facebook event banners</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>photos</summary>
</details>


# racially charged shitpost 1

no you misunderstand. when _i'm_ racist is "internalised" and therefore _tragic_.
_i_ am the victim here! qed


# racially charged shitpost 5

I was horrified when Chris told me  
"we all have that one race we wouldn't date"  
referring to his aversion to black women

I felt so defeated  
after an hour of trying to explain to him  
that this was indeed racism

yet three years later  
maybe I am coming around  
because I don't think I could date a white person

"there some things that shouldn't matter but do"


#

[h](./3-2.md) (j)[./4-3.md] (k)[./4-1.md] (l)[./5-2.md]
